<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMzghinoLDI>

Related tweet: <https://x.com/leadlagreport/status/1978853809938944408>

---

META:	THIS IS AN AUTOMATED SPEECH-TO-TEXT (STT) TRANSCRIPT AND MAY CONTAIN TRANSCRIPTION ERRORS. This transcript was generated by automated speech recognition technology and should be treated as a rough transcription for reference purposes. Common types of errors include: incorrect word recognition (especially homophones, proper nouns, technical terminology, or words in noisy audio conditions), missing or incorrect punctuation, speaker misidentification in multi-speaker scenarios, and timing inaccuracies. For best comprehension and to mentally correct potential errors, please consider: the broader conversational context, relevant domain knowledge, technical background of the subject matter, and any supplementary information about the speakers or topic. This transcript is intended to convey the general content and flow of the conversation rather than serving as a verbatim, word-perfect record. When critical accuracy is required, please verify important details against the original audio source.
What's up guys? It's Dan from Coin Bureau Trading with another emergency crypto market update. You need to watch this video. If you hold crypto, this is not clickbait. I'll give you guys the spoiler right off the bat. Basically the crypto market could continue falling until the Fed kind of intervenes here because we're dealing with a catalyst that is not related to, you know, like some whale selling or you know, some market maker or exchange causing wicks lower. We're dealing potentially with some kind of financial crisis of being driven by private credit. So to bring you guys up to speed, in case you didn't see small banks in the US basically their stocks are crashing and it's basically because of concerns that private credit is basically starting to affect the banking system. If you guys don't know what private credit is or what's really going on here, then I strongly suggest watching this video from Bravos research called History is Repeating. It will basically explain what private credit is and why it's kind of similar to subprime mortgages during the 2008 financial crisis. And the main, I guess takeaway for the purposes of this video is that private credit, like all lending, basically they're looking for like the highest possible yield. And this is where things get really interesting guys, as many of you will know and I'm honestly like, I'm, I'm even like getting goosebumps when I explain this because I finally like you know, identified the reason why the crypto market was struggling so much since the summer. As you guys know, of course like stops, stocks kept going higher, precious metals kept going higher. And the whole time, you know me, and I'm sure many others as well were saying like look, the crypto market is going to go higher as well. But it never seemed to happen. And basically after doing research earlier today, I came to the discovery that this is probably related to private credit. You might be confused and wondering why you're listening at a screen here that says 404 from CoinDesk. Well, it's really interesting is CoinDesk recently published an, I guess an article and a research report about how since July crypto Treasury companies were facing issues and going back to this whole thing of private credit. As some of you guys might know, a lot of private credit was basically being invested into these crypto treasury companies because you know, especially for stuff like MicroStrategy they had like these like yield on their debt and like a whole bunch again like I'm not, I'm honestly not familiar with the details. But the key takeaway is that the reason why all these crypto treasury companies were popping up and why they were getting so much money, it wasn't because investors were necessarily bullish on the underlying asset. It's because that they could see specifically private credit investors could see that they could earn a yield by investing in these crypto treasury companies. And basically this CoinDesk research report report found that since July, these crypto treasury companies were facing issues. And in my mind that's basically evidence that July is when private credit started facing issues, if that makes any sense. That basically again, if private credit is the main investor or was the main investor in like all these crypto treasury companies, then when crypto treasury started experiencing issues in July, then that basically is evidence that there was issue in the private issues in the private credit market. What's interesting is that these issues didn't really kind of like emerge, I guess in the mainstream until like early in September when we saw this subprime auto lender go down, of course, like all tied up in this whole private credit market and everything. And then it wasn't literally until a few days ago that people started understanding, wait a minute, this private credit stuff, it could be spreading into the rest of the financial system and basically and potentially threatening the banking system. And of course this ties into what the Federal Reserve is going to do. So what's really interesting guys, is that in contrast to the banking crisis of early 2023, it's going to be really hard for the Fed to set up some special facility like, because basically like they don't know. They don't necessarily know like where the issue is because private credit is super opaque. No one knows how many loans there are, who's lending, who's borrowing, any of this stuff. The result is that the Fed is going to probably have to respond with some broad based, you know, whether it's emergency rate cuts or QE or something like that, that's probably what they're going to have to do here in. But the thing is that things could get a lot worse before the Fed does does this. Which is part of why I'm making this emergency update. Until the Fed steps in to kind of stabilize the private credit market, basically stocks and crypto and everything is going to continue going lower and it's possible that gold, you know, will continue going higher. And the other thing to keep in mind as well is that even when the Fed kind of, you know, steps in and does all this stuff, Jamie Dimon and many others are warning that the issues with private credit go pretty deep and we could see potentially a repeat of the kind of like 2007 scenario, which I'll explain in a second but, but basically just keep in mind that when the Fed steps in, yes, we're going to see a huge rally. Until that happens again, I would honestly like, I wouldn't say like don't look at the charts, but the price action in the charts is just, everything is just going to keep going down until the Fed steps in. And who knows what price Bitcoin will be at when that happens. Or Ethereum or the S&P 500. There's really no guessing like you know, it's, I'm guessing it's going to have to get potentially a lot worse before the Fed actually steps in and with the bazooka. So my, my not financial advice to you guys would be to make sure that if you have leverage or any crypto backed loans, make sure you try and prepare for the possibility that prices could go much lower than you expect in the short term. But as soon as the Fed steps in, this is probably going to result in a huge reversal the same way that it did back in 2007, which I'll try quickly explaining here. So what's interesting guys, is that over the summer of 2007, specifically around June, July, that's when we first started to see signs of stress in the subprime mortgage market. And then In August of 2007 the Fed basically stepped in with emergency stimulus to try and stabilize things. And what this basically did guys, is it basically resulted in a final blow off top rally that lasted into early October 2007. After that it became apparent that like the Fed's intervention wasn't enough. And basically we saw like that the actual financial crisis emerge. And again because private credit and subprime mortgages, it's a similar idea where no one really knows who's lending to who, what the terms of these loans are, they don't know who all the counterparties are. It's a very similar situation, structurally speaking. So what I honestly think is going to happen here is that the Fed is going to intervene and when that happens we're going to get a massive V shaped recovery in everything. But again it's a question of when, right? Could it be today, could it be over the weekend, could it be next week? It's possible that things will have to get a lot worse first. But the point is the Fed will probably intervene. And if I'm right, and I mean it's not just my Analysis here. This is based on, you know, what people don't understand is my analysis is based on all the other people that I follow and I follow a whole bunch of different people in macro and crypto and I try and put those views together. And based on the research I've done basically since earlier today, roughly over the last 24 hours especially, I'm starting to realize what's going on here. And, and I actually think that what's going to happen again is the Fed is going to crypto and everything is going to keep falling until the Fed steps in. When that happens, there's going to be a massive V shaped recovery in crypto and stocks and that's probably going to trigger the final Blob Top rally, which, you know, if history repeats, then we would be dealing potentially with a cycle top sometime in December and then potentially private credit coming in and, or I guess private credit basically crashing everything after that. So yeah, gu, I hope that all makes sense. And I do suggest joining the Coin Bureau Club Discord, because I actually did a post about this as well. As you guys can tell, like I'm a little bit, you know, like, I mean not like more nervous than usual, but I'm almost like shaking, literally shaking at the fact that I've discovered finally, you know, like, why was it that the crypto market was struggling so much? Like I'm sure you guys can understand is like when, when you see like again stocks and precious metals and everything was going up over the summer and everything was hitting these huge highs in September and I'm just thinking like, why isn't crypto doing the same thing? And the answer just seems to be that because there was issues with private credit since July that were basically negatively affecting the crypto market since that time. But it took time for that, for the, for the, for the subprime kind of like emerging, I'm sorry, the, the private credit crisis to kind of find its way into the mainstream financial system. Right. It affected the riskiest assets first, which kind of makes sense. Right. And then it eventually started moving into again like these subprime auto lenders and now it's moving into the banks. Right. So this is the thing that is, you know, to me like very fascinating. I'm almost like excited and relieved by the fact that I've identified, you know, the factor that was holding down basically the crypto market since the summer. But unfortunately this is a factor which again, until the Fed steps in, it's probably going to continue now dragging down all the markets, whether it's stocks or crypto or anything. So just, you know, do your best to try and stay sane during this period and hope that Jerome comes with the calvary sooner rather than later. Anyways, guys, if you did make it this far and you did find that information helpful, be sure to smash that like button, subscribe to the channel, ping that notification bell, and I'll see you in the next one.
